I get a lot of accidents again, so this Gapachi
What tojeong yijiham Seo Gyeong-deok these young intellectuals of the pack to move the Joseon era
It is full.
So how does this world and these three g
And how the lives of women are related g
I can see through all these things.
Of course , because this Gwang-gwon comes out, there will be a mediocre and a public figure.
So now the court can also buy dutiful 1 or 4
Comes to the door jeongran context and define another character appeared in the tea lady
So the episode out there is far more extravagant than anything else on TV
It's
So , it is difficult for us to get the details of the historical drama on TV
same
Because in this emotional and moral sense modern people are much more timid.
Yeah, so now it's very exciting to taste this.
Now here comes the Hwang Jin-yi.
But Hwang Jin-yi's appearance probably could not have seen anywhere.
Hwang Jin-yi is the second-stage philosopher of Seo Kyung-duk of Seo Kyung- duk .
Come out as a homemaker.
It appears as though it is laid-up.
For example, whether it should belong where your direct reports check book
Yes, so much so that we know generally stereotypes and very
There are a lot of different characters
Now then, this is now the first and worry about his friend, seven heads
Later, I went into the clean room, and I became 7 2nd generation.
Worried that joining the base oil seal now view these friends are now brotherhood
I have lived together since I was a child. How can I grow up together ?
Because I lived at home
This makes Apache so that now its value fall short in Seoul Hyehwamun God
He's the maker.
It's not just about making things crazy ,
Who together did the endlessly twisting So now Joe stressed that even friends every night
To come
At home, I now have some cracks at home,
I was growing up.
Griseth meets the brotherhood first, and now I am very angry with friendship and righteousness
uh
I decided to do this and later I tear myself apart and then meet again.
It's possible
So the guys went negative material heeojyeoseo each other or something sulfur cheonwangbong
Now other boats rotting meet dwaeseo seven of these 72 commands are my friends
It was.
Yeah, so from the beginning so as to meet the Taoyuan City solved without our town
It's not like this, but suddenly I'm living hard while keeping my self-esteem.
I met this way for the length.
4 But now Well, where I'm a child that, from now on, important in modern
I thought it was point
It's a pauper.
So it's not important to be first, but it 's important
So there was this in the Chosun Dynasty.
It is more than that,
Now the rest of Novi gag something so under the second minute other untouchables
It is now.
It's a long , butcher's but the rest is not a butcher .
It's just a guy, u loser 9
There are also shopkeepers and a variety of different people now
there is
Cushion Now here's what's out there
And then we think about it.
I do not want you to be a money-taker.
You let me see the past .
Or do you have a bigger symbiotic work and guess the riches?
I will buy a lot of non-pairs and become a landlord. I have to have this desire.
There was no desire for this kind of settler
I have no desire for the job itself.
5 So now I mean to go and held feretory now I've been doing another one newspaper
If you know something, you're a man.
Say it like this.
I'm just playing with my nose.
So stupidly now, now how can he now eat
It is a butcher .
That's how it is now .
So this guy just come and play men
This is too loud, but it's not what I did in my youth ,
To
Even when I have a wife
How do you blow her?
And it's too warm in the house so much that even the wife can not look stressed
Why do not you talk to me about something like this.
So now our era is too hard on the shoulder of music,
I 'm just going to be fired until I 'm finished.
I do not have anything to do with my ears at home
But here ,
My family can not describe it.
This is why we think something is wrong.
For one that geureongeogo
I do not have a desire for that job .
Or naeseun the wall and shot jomiseon character but rather it
I studied 2
The penis is actually a person who plays .
Having told you said no jobs will be careful sliced moment with a professional scholar
In the Greek age, however ,
There were free men and slaves, but slaves were full-time workers.
Someone to say laundry. Served only with arrogance.
People do not have the free profession
So now, if we study a lot , this view of life is different.
It's better to eat meat.
Oh yeah, so I keep doing this as a freelance interest simultaneous
I keep getting that assurance through .
Or more and 1 trillion in salty ah Joseon Dynasty since Greek times to something like this now
Studying your vision.
This was a free man, so the philosophy of the Greeks Oh it's just the weeping
Because there are two days that free men do. I have no job. What rapnikka
We come out of the square and hold people and talk.
We do special chickens. Socrates does it that way.
I torture until I say I do not know.
That 's the kiss of continuing. Yeah. Diogenes.
It is famous that you find someone who really loves philosophy in the square.
So it's free, so there's no job that philosophy is possible.
It is.
A philosophy of living a life that is a regular expression, only the money issue can not be reduced geolro
Baby, we have to secure this free space somehow.
Yes, that's the way I really care about my life now .
This desire can be natural.